#com.samsung.android.mdx
#com.samsung.android.mdx.kit
#com.samsung.android.smartmirroring                     #Smart View
#com.samsung.cmh                                        #Somehow related to Video Calling
#com.samsung.crane                                      #Video Calling related 
#com.sec.unifiedwfc                                     #Wifi Calling
#com.sec.vsim.ericssonnsds.webapp                       #Wifi Calling, VoLTE and Video calling related
android.autoinstalls.config.samsung
com.amazon.avod.thirdpartyclient              
com.android.apps.tag                                    #Tags
com.android.bips                                        #Default Print service
com.android.bipscom.wsomacp
com.android.bookmarkprovider                            #Bookmarks Provider
com.android.calllogbackup                               
com.android.chrome
com.android.cts.ctsshim
com.android.cts.priv.ctsshim
com.android.dreams.basic                                #Basic Daydreams
com.android.dreams.phototable
com.android.dynsystem
com.android.egg                                        
com.android.emergency
com.android.hotspot2                                    #OsuLogin
com.android.hotwordenrollment.okgoogle
com.android.hotwordenrollment.tgoogle				
com.android.hotwordenrollment.xgoogle
com.android.htmlviewer                                  
com.android.internal.display.cutout.emulation.corner    
com.android.internal.display.cutout.emulation.double    
com.android.internal.display.cutout.emulation.hole
com.android.internal.display.cutout.emulation.tall      
com.android.internal.display.cutout.emulation.waterfall
com.android.managedprovisioning                         #Work setup
com.android.printspooler                                #Print Spooler
com.android.providers.partnerbookmarks
com.android.providers.userdictionary                    #User dictionary
com.android.sharedstoragebackup
com.android.statementservice                            #Intent Filter Verification System
com.android.stk                                         #SIM 1 Toolkit
com.android.stk2                                        #SIM 2 Toolkit
com.android.theme.color.black
com.android.theme.color.cinnamon
com.android.theme.color.green
com.android.theme.color.ocean
com.android.theme.color.orchid
com.android.theme.color.purple
com.android.theme.color.space
com.android.theme.font.notoserifsource
com.android.theme.icon.pebble
com.android.theme.icon.roundedrect
com.android.theme.icon.taperedrect
com.android.theme.icon.teardrop
com.android.theme.icon.vessel
com.android.theme.icon_pack.circular.android
com.android.theme.icon_pack.circular.launcher
com.android.theme.icon_pack.circular.settings
com.android.theme.icon_pack.circular.systemui
com.android.theme.icon_pack.circular.themepicker
com.android.theme.icon_pack.filled.android
com.android.theme.icon_pack.filled.launcher
com.android.theme.icon_pack.filled.settings
com.android.theme.icon_pack.filled.systemui
com.android.theme.icon_pack.filled.themepicker
com.android.theme.icon_pack.rounded.android
com.android.theme.icon_pack.rounded.launcher
com.android.theme.icon_pack.rounded.settings
com.android.theme.icon_pack.rounded.systemui
com.android.theme.icon_pack.rounded.themepicker
com.android.traceur                                     #System Trace in Developer options
com.android.wallpaperbackup                             #Backup Wallpaper
com.aura.oobe.samsung                                   #Samsung Discover
com.aura.oobe.samsung.gl                                
com.diotek.sec.lookup.dictionary                        #Dictionary 
com.dsi.ant.plugins.antplus
com.dsi.ant.sample.acquirechannels
com.dsi.ant.server                                      #ANT Hal server
com.dsi.ant.service.socket
com.eterno
com.eterno.shortvideos
com.facebook.appmanager
com.facebook.katana                                     #Facebook
com.facebook.services                                   #Facebook related
com.facebook.system                                     #Facebook app installer
com.google.android.apps.accessibility.voiceaccess       #Google Voice Access (voice commands for Google Assistant)
com.google.android.apps.carrier.carrierwifi				#Google Wifi provisioner
com.google.android.apps.docs
com.google.android.apps.gcs								#Google connected services
com.google.android.apps.maps
com.google.android.apps.messaging
com.google.android.apps.photos
com.google.android.apps.restore
com.google.android.apps.setupwizard.searchselector
com.google.android.apps.tachyon                         #Google Duo
com.google.android.apps.turbo
com.google.android.apps.wellbeing						#Digital Well being
com.google.android.apps.youtube.music
com.google.android.as
com.google.android.as.oss								#Private Compute Services
com.google.android.cellbroadcastreceiver
com.google.android.configupdater
com.google.android.ext.shared                           #Android Shared Library
com.google.android.feedback                             #Crash reports feedbacks
com.google.android.gm                                   #Gmail 
com.google.android.gms.location.history
com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox
com.google.android.healthconnect.controller
com.google.android.onetimeinitializer
com.google.android.overlay.modules.ext.services   
com.google.android.partnersetup
com.google.android.printservice.recommendation
com.google.android.projection.gearhead                  #Android Auto
com.google.android.setupwizard
com.google.android.tts                                  #Google Text to Speech
com.google.android.videos                               #Video Player
com.google.android.youtube
com.google.ar.core                                      #AR Core
com.google.audio.hearing.visualization.accessibility.scribe  #Live Transcribe
com.hiya.star                                           #Spam Filter App
com.knox.vpn.proxyhandler
com.microsoft.appmanager
com.microsoft.appmanager                                #Your phone Companion
com.microsoft.office.officehubrow
com.microsoft.office.outlook
com.microsoft.skydrive                                  #Onedrive
com.monotype.android.font.foundation
com.monotype.android.font.samsungone                    #Samsung One Font
com.mygalaxy                                            #Galaxy App
com.netflix.mediaclient                                 #Netflix App
com.netflix.partner.activation                          #Netflix Activation
com.opera.max.oem                                       #Samsung VPN and Date Saver
com.osp.app.signin                                      #Samsung Account
com.samsung.aasaservice                                 #AASA service
com.samsung.android.accessibility.talkback
com.samsung.android.aircommandmanager
com.samsung.android.alive.service                       #Device Customisation Service
com.samsung.android.allshare.service.mediashare         #Quick share
com.samsung.android.app.appsedge                        #Breaks Split Screen
com.samsung.android.app.camera.sticker.facearavatar.preload   #Face avatar
com.samsung.android.app.clipboardedge
com.samsung.android.app.galaxyfinder                    #Samsung Finder app
com.samsung.android.app.notes.addons
com.samsung.android.app.omcagent
com.samsung.android.app.parentalcare
com.samsung.android.app.reminder
com.samsung.android.app.routines
com.samsung.android.app.sbrowseredge                    #Samsung Internet's edge panel
com.samsung.android.app.settings.bixby                  #Bixby app
com.samsung.android.app.sharelive                       #Quick Share
com.samsung.android.app.simplesharing                   #Link sharing
com.samsung.android.app.social                          #Samsung Social
com.samsung.android.app.soundpicker                     #Sound Picker
com.samsung.android.app.spage                           #Bixby stuff
com.samsung.android.app.taskedge
com.samsung.android.app.tips                            #Tips app
com.samsung.android.app.watchmanagerstub
com.samsung.android.appseparation                       #Samsung Separated Apps
com.samsung.android.ardrawing                           #AR Drawing
com.samsung.android.aremoji                             #AR emoji feature of camera
com.samsung.android.aremojieditor
com.samsung.android.aremojieditor                       #AR emoji editor
com.samsung.android.arzone                              #AR Zone
com.samsung.android.authfw
com.samsung.android.aware.service                       #Quick Share 
com.samsung.android.bbc.bbcagent                        #Bixby stuff
com.samsung.android.beaconmanager
com.samsung.android.bixby.agent                         #Bixby Agent
com.samsung.android.bixby.agent.dummy                   #Bixby voice stub
com.samsung.android.bixby.service                       #Bixby service
com.samsung.android.bixby.wakeup
com.samsung.android.bixbyvision.framework               #Bixby Vision Frameworks
com.samsung.android.brightnessbackupservice
com.samsung.android.cidmanager
com.samsung.android.cmfa.framework
com.samsung.android.da.daagent
com.samsung.android.dqagent
com.samsung.android.drivelink.stub                      #Car Mode stub
com.samsung.android.dsms                 
com.samsung.android.dynamiclock                         #Wallpaper Services
com.samsung.android.easysetup
com.samsung.android.emojiupdater                        #Emoji Updater 
com.samsung.android.fmm
com.samsung.android.game.gamehome                       #Game home
com.samsung.android.game.gametools                      #Game tools
com.samsung.android.game.gos
com.samsung.android.hdmapp
com.samsung.android.homemode
com.samsung.android.icecone                             #Keyboard Content Handler
com.samsung.android.intellivoiceservice
com.samsung.android.ipsgeofence                         #Samsung Visit-in
com.samsung.android.kidsinstaller                       #Kids installer
com.samsung.android.knox.analytics.uploader
com.samsung.android.knox.analytics.uploader             #Knox analytics Uploader
com.samsung.android.knox.attestation                    #Knox related 
com.samsung.android.knox.containeragent                 #Work Profile
com.samsung.android.knox.containercore
com.samsung.android.knox.pushmanager
com.samsung.android.livestickers                        #DECO PIC
com.samsung.android.lool								#Device care
com.samsung.android.mapsagent                           #Personalisation Agent
com.samsung.android.mateagent                           #Samsung Galaxy Agents
com.samsung.android.mcfds
com.samsung.android.mcfserver                           #Samsung Multiple Connectivity
com.samsung.android.mdecservice                         #Call and text on other devices
com.samsung.android.mdm                                 #Knox manage
com.samsung.android.mdx
com.samsung.android.mfi                                 #Galaxy Widget
com.samsung.android.mobileservice                       #Samsung Experience
com.samsung.android.net.wifi.wifiguider                 #WIFI tips
com.samsung.android.oneconnect
com.samsung.android.rubin.app
com.samsung.android.samsungpass
com.samsung.android.samsungpass                         #Samsung pass
com.samsung.android.samsungpassautofill
com.samsung.android.samsungpassautofill                 #Samsung pass autofill service
com.samsung.android.scloud                              #Samsung cloud
com.samsung.android.scs
com.samsung.android.sdk.handwriting                     #Handwriting service 
com.samsung.android.sdm.config
com.samsung.android.securitylogagent                    #Security Log agent
com.samsung.android.service.peoplestripe
com.samsung.android.setupindiaservicestnc
com.samsung.android.shortcutbackupservice
com.samsung.android.sm.devicesecurity                   #McAfee Anti-virus in Device care
com.samsung.android.sm.policy
com.samsung.android.smartcallprovider
com.samsung.android.smartface
com.samsung.android.smartfitting
com.samsung.android.smartswitchassistant     
com.samsung.android.spayfw
com.samsung.android.spayfw                              #Samsung Payment Firmware
com.samsung.android.spaymini                            #Samasung Pay Mini
com.samsung.android.stickercenter                       #Sticker centre
com.samsung.android.svcagent                            #Samsung mate agent
com.samsung.android.svoiceime                           #Samsung Voice Input 
com.samsung.android.tadownloader                        #TA Downloader
com.samsung.android.tapack.authfw
com.samsung.android.themecenter
com.samsung.android.themestore
com.samsung.android.uds                                 #Ultra Data Saving mode
com.samsung.android.visionarapps                        #Bixby Vision
com.samsung.android.visionintelligence                  #Bixby Vision 
com.samsung.android.visualars
com.samsung.android.voc
com.samsung.app.highlightplayer                         #Create Movie
com.samsung.discover                                    #Discover App
com.samsung.ecomm.global.in
com.samsung.faceservice
com.samsung.gpuwatchapp                                 #GPUWatch in Developer Settings
com.samsung.ipservice
com.samsung.klmsagent                    
com.samsung.knox.keychain                               #Knox Keychain
com.samsung.memorysaver
com.samsung.mlp                                         #Related to cmh agent and vision intelligence
com.samsung.rcs                                         #Rich Communication Services
com.samsung.safetyinformation                           #Safety information
com.samsung.sait.sohservice                        
com.samsung.sec.android.application.csc
com.samsung.sec.android.teegris.tui_service             #Trusted User Interface 
com.samsung.SMT                                         #Text to speech engine of Samsung
com.samsung.SMT.lang_de_de_f00
com.samsung.SMT.lang_en_gb_f00
com.samsung.SMT.lang_en_us_l03
com.samsung.SMT.lang_es_es_f00
com.samsung.SMT.lang_fr_fr_f00
com.samsung.SMT.lang_it_it_f00
com.samsung.SMT.lang_ru_ru_f00
com.samsung.sree
com.samsung.storyservice                                #StoryService in Gallery
com.samsung.systemui.bixby2                             #SystemUI bixby2
com.samsung.systemui.hidenotch                          #Hide notch overlay 
com.samsung.systemui.hidenotch.withoutcornerround       #Hide notch option
com.samsung.ucs.agent.ese                               #eSE UCS Plugin, eSE is for "embedded SEcurity", probably required by Knox
com.sec.android.app.billing
com.sec.android.app.chromecustomizations
com.sec.android.app.DataCreate
com.sec.android.app.factorykeystring                    #Device Keystring
com.sec.android.app.fm
com.sec.android.app.hwmoduletest                        #Test *#0*#
com.sec.android.app.magnifier                           #Magnifier
com.sec.android.app.parser
com.sec.android.app.personalization
com.sec.android.app.popupcalculator                     #Samsung Calculator-
com.sec.android.app.ringtoneBR                          #Ringtone Backup
com.sec.android.app.samsungapps                         #Samsung Store
com.sec.android.app.sbrowser
com.sec.android.app.SecSetupWizard
com.sec.android.app.setupwizardlegalprovider
com.sec.android.app.soundalive                          #Samsung Alive Sound
com.sec.android.app.suwscriptplayer                     #SuwScriptPlayer
com.sec.android.app.vepreload                           #Video editor
com.sec.android.app.wlantest                            #Wlan check 
com.sec.android.autodoodle.service                      #Auto doodle 
com.sec.android.daemonapp
com.sec.android.diagmonagent                            #Diagnoses problems with phones
com.sec.android.easyMover
com.sec.android.easyMover.Agent                         #Smart Switch agent
com.sec.android.easyonehand                             #One hand Mode
com.sec.android.emergencylauncher
com.sec.android.emergencymode.service
com.sec.android.mimage.avatarstickers                   #AR Emoji Stickers
com.sec.android.preloadinstaller                        #Installs apps automatically
com.sec.android.provider.badge                          #Badge Provider
com.sec.android.provider.emergencymode
com.sec.android.service.health                          #Health service 
com.sec.android.smartfpsadjuster                        #Smart fps adjuster
com.sec.android.uibcvirtualsoftkey                      #UIBC Virtual Soft key
com.sec.android.widgetapp.easymodecontactswidget        #Favorite Contacts Widget
com.sec.android.widgetapp.webmanual                     #Web manual widget
com.sec.bcservice
com.sec.enterprise.knox.attestation            
com.sec.enterprise.knox.cloudmdm.smdms                  #Knox enrollmwnt service
com.sec.enterprise.mdm.services.simpin                  #Sim pin
com.sec.hearingadjust                                   #Hearing Adjust
com.sec.location.nsflp2
com.sec.mhs.smarttethering                              #Smart Tethering
com.sec.mldapchecker                                    #MLDAPlog
com.sec.spp.push                                        #Samsung Push Service
com.sec.sve                                             #Secondary Video Engine Service
com.skms.android.agent
com.snap.camerakit.plugin.v1                           #Snapchat Camera Kit
com.snapchat.android
com.yandex.browser
de.axelspringer.yana.zeropage
flipboard.boxer.app                                     #Flipboard
in.amazon.mShop.android.shopping
ru.yandex.disk
ru.yandex.searchplugin
ru.yandex.yandexmaps